c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\YuvFormat.exe.config
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\YuvFormat.exe
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\YuvFormat.pdb
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.xml
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.xml
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.xml
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.xml
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v14.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v14.2.resources.dll
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.frmMain.resources
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.frmSettings.resources
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.exe.licenses
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.exe
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.pdb
c:\users\enderuser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\avcodec-57.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\avdevice-57.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\avfilter-6.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\avformat-57.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\avutil-55.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\postproc-54.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\swresample-2.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\swscale-4.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.dll.config
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.x64.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.FFMPEG.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Accord.Video.FFMPEG.x64.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Video.DirectShow.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Imaging.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Math.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Neuro.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AForge.Vision.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.AudioVideoPlayback.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.Direct3D.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Microsoft.DirectX.xml
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Core.Interops.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Forms.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\enderuser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\YuvFormat\YuvFormat\obj\Debug\YuvFormat.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
